This is file number 5!
n Tuesday, 12 March, Science Outreach - Athabasca held a celebration at AU to mark
                                the opening of its website and review its accomplishments over the past ten months. Lisa
                                Carter acted as master of ceremonies and short speeches were made by AU President
                                Dominique Abrioux and Keith Scott, who represented Alberta Innovation and Science.
                                (Athabasca University and Alberta Science and Innovation both sponsor the
                                organization.) Robert Holmberg summarized the group's activities and thanked the various
                                groups who have helped promote science in the greater Athabasca area. Lauren
                                Makowecki introduced the features and content of the web site. Tokens of appreciation
                                were made to James Cody, a local student who designed the logo for the group, and Kerry
                                Huber, former coordinator. 
                                       On display, and available for schools and anyone else interested, were brochures on
                                local fauna. The group's travelling exhibit cabinet, right now featuring a mollusk display, is
                                still in the main hall of AU central for a few more days. Anyone who wishes to borrow the
                                exhibit can do so by contacting Linda Lindballe at 6653 or by email.
                                       Photos: above - Lisa Carter and Keith Scott (Alberta Innovation and Science) at the web launch. Below - the Project team for Science Outreach
                                - Athabasca. From left to right: Lisa Carter (co-leader), Paula Evans (school liaison), Kerry Huber (former coordinator), Catherine Holmberg
                                (internet specialist), Robert Holmberg (co-leader), Peggy Baker (community liaison), Linda Lindballe (coordinator), Lauren Makowecki (web
                                designer). Missing from the photograph are Kirsten Kolind (regional recreation liaison) and Rita Sequeira (school board liaison). 
